Tutorial - How to migrate from Mixpanel to PostHog (#5438)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/tutorials/mixpanel-to-posthog.md

---
title: How to migrate from Mixpanel to PostHog
date: 2023-03-03
author: ["ian-vanagas"]
showTitle: true
sidebar: Docs
featuredImage: ../images/tutorials/banners/tutorial-1.png
topics: ["configuration", "events"]
---

> Mixpanel is a product analytics tool, if you’re looking to migrate to PostHog, this is the tutorial for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The need to migrate from a product analytics platform like Mixpanel to a more full-featured platform like PostHog is a common one. In this tutorial we'll walk through how to pull, format and ingest data from Mixpanel, into PostHog. 
```

> You need both a Mixpanel account with data and a PostHog instance. We will use [a tool](https://github.com/stablecog/mixpanel-to-posthog), built by the team at [Stablecog](https://stablecog.com/), to migrate the data and users over.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started you'll need both a Mixpanel account with data and a PostHog instance. We will use [a tool](https://github.com/stablecog/mixpanel-to-posthog), built by the team at [Stablecog](https://stablecog.com/), to migrate the data and users over.
```

## Gathering details

> In Mixpanel, go to the project with the data you want to migrate. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start with, log in to Mixpanel and go to the project with the data you want to migrate. 
```

2. Hold on to the **username** and **secret** for now. 
3. You also need your **Project ID** which you can get from your "Project Settings."

![Mixpanel](../images/tutorials/mixpanel-to-posthog/mixpanel.png)

Next, get the details for PostHog. 

1. Get your **project API key** from the getting started flow or your project settings. 
2. Create a **personal API key**. Go to your account settings (click the photo in the top right corner, then the gear next to your email), click the "Create personal API key" button, add a name, and press save.
3. Finally, note your **instance address** (either `https://app.posthog.com` or `https://eu.posthog.com` or a custom domain)

With all this, we are ready to set up the migration tool.

## Setting up the script

Go to the [Mixpanel to Posthog Data Migrator repository](https://github.com/stablecog/mixpanel-to-posthog) and [clone the repo](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/cloning-a-repository). Once done, go to the newly created `mixpanel-to-posthog` folder, create a `.env` file, and add the details you collected.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In our example, that is:
```
